During this entire project, the vision I had originally had when I made my proposal was to make a game very similar to Pac-Man, where the ghosts would constantly spawn and the goal was to survive for as long as possible.  However when making this, I quickly realized about a week ago that making the enemies spawn endlessly on a map similar to Pac-Man caused the games to be very short, or very long, depending on the spawn rate of the enemies.  When I tried to fix this problem by allowing some ways the player could remove some enemies, I couldn't find a way to make sure that it did not become very easy for the player.  So I decided while playing around with the code to change my vision some, where instead the player is on a single path where they can choose to move right or left, with enemies raining down from above them.  This took me the past week to finish with the progress I had made on the Pac-Man level as a foundation.  I decided to make points rain down as well because I felt it would give the player an extra thing to do apart from just staying alive and made the game a bit more interesting overall.  In the end I enjoyed the final outcome of my project, despite my failures to make it exactly how I wanted, because I still got to learn the limits of game-making in a way and new ways to use JavaScript and p5.  This project also helped me to be very organized with my project, as I had allowed myself some time to be able to fix things if something went wrong that I could not fix.
